Hooters in Santa Monica California
calculating route 12 minutes to
destination
are you sure some of the other side of
town I am sure okay good because this is
a job interview and everything you need
this job
proceed straight on Sunset Boulevard for
nine miles nine miles
let's go take an hour this time of day
four seats straight on Sunset Boulevard
oh are you sure you're right
well prove me wrong excuse me are you
giving me attitude what do you think oh
really you want to do this you want to
do this all right all right let's do
this
do what oh I am sick and tired of you
lying to me telling me I can get
somewhere in five minutes and it really
takes two hours and then giving me
alternate routes to destinations that
don't even exist all right you need to
stop lying to me
I'm just telling you what you want to
hear I want to hear the truth you can't
handle the truth yes I can't I've heard
you talk to your boyfriend no you can't
oh you cannot talk to him that way all
right
I am your owner do you know how much I
paid for you doesn't matter you're stuck
with me oh really
how about this
I knew you'd come back
haha twelve minutes to destination I
don't need you bitch
I'm gonna use my phone your phone yeah
but younger thinner and prettier than
you don't ya sorry looks like I don't
need you please don't leave me for that
phone I just don't know if I can trust
you after all that we've been through
turn right turn right turn hi
I can't generate there's destruction
this is not an alternate route to my
boyfriend's on Luna death drop
ah I'm missing Lady gaga
five minutes to destination you lying
I'm sorry I liked you a lot but I'll
behave I promise I'll never lie to you
again you just did
Hooters of Santa Monica will be on your
left in approximately two hours two
hours I'm never gonna make my job
interview you should have left earlier
darling what you cannot talk to me that
way
I don't know how to get there
901 emergency okay okay I am lost
I'm in the ghetto and I don't know how
to get to Hooters in Santa Monica I
really need your help please hold